Create index.rst (#167)
QGEP/docs: en/features-guide/index.rst

QGEP / TEKSI wastewater module
===========

> TEKSI wastewater module (projet name: QGEP) is a selection of tools and a database implementation that allows you to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TEKSI wastewater module (project name: QGEP) is a selection of tools and a database implementation that allows you to:
```

> * manage and map your seewer network data with all its components in compliance with Swiss standards

Reviewer 2: sewer network instead of seewer network

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* manage and map your sewer network data with all its components in compliance with Swiss standards
```

> * indicate the characteristics of networks objects in the form of attributes such as diameter, material, depth, damages ,construction year, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* indicate the characteristics of networks objects in the form of attributes such as diameter, material, depth, damages, construction year, etc.
```

Reviewer: As @sjib suggested comments

* produce plans and extract statistics from the database such as network values, total length of pipes, identification of future interventions, etc.
* export geodata in compliance with Swiss standards

Main features
------------

**Network objects**

> Creation, information and management of network elements according tot he VSA-DSS model:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creation, information and management of network elements according to the VSA-DSS model:
```

* Wastewater structures
* Special structures
* Primary collectors
* Secondary collectors (ex : private connection)

> * Watersheds

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Catchments
```

> * GEP mesures

Reviewer 3: I'm not sure, what ypu mean with this. I would mention the hydraulic modeling of overflows (pumps, weirs).

Reviewer: General Wastewater Management Plan would be GWMP? I would add this maybe as separate functionnalities instead of having it in the Network objects section.

Same for Maintenances and Network inspection.

Author: So you would add a subject above network objects ?

* Maintenances

> * Network inspection (VSA-DSS KEK model)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Network inspection (VSA-DSS model extension VSA-KEK)
```

**Viewing and editing**

A preconfigured QGIS project including the symbology, the forms and the relation between the objets is provided.

The editing can be done directly using the QGIS natives tools and the QGEP complementary toolbox (ex : inversion of the direction of the pipes and its related altitudes).

**Files**

Documents, pictures and videos can be linked to the network elements.

**Networks following tools**

Network topology management:

* Topology creation between pipes, structures and catchments
* Upstream and downstream network tracking tools (water drop)
* Length profiles display

> **Mapping and statistics production**

Reviewer 3: I would not mention this. Users can do this if they know QGIS. But in the defaut project there is no preconfigured layout and no really good symbology (for other themes as Werkplan). My opinion.

Reviewer: For the serial plotting we should provide at least a sample print composer (as we do for QWAT)

https://github.com/QGEP/QGEP/issues/707

For statistics extractions I'm open to suggestions for real life examples, we could provide some specific statistics views.

Reviewer: @varrieta should we consider that actual users are QGIS / GIS well known users or should we mention functionnalities only if they are well defined on the modules?

Open to suggestions

Author: I think that anyone using QGEP will have to learn  at one point to plot a map. But it is through that for now there is no preconfigured layout, we can erase that and let map production ?

* Map production with pre-configured layout
* Serial plotting of structures protocole
* Statistics production on all or part of the network

**Data import**

> * Field survey import tools [specific développement in progress]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Field survey import tools [specific development in progress]
```

* Data survey with a mobile device and semi-automatic insertion of the informations

> * Data import in interlis format

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Data import in INTERLIS format
```

**Data export**

* Direct connection with the network simulating software SWMM (Storm Water Management Model)

> * Data export in CAD (dwg/dxf) and GIS format (all open data formats)

Reviewer 3: Is there a useable dwg/dxf-export? I have not tested/used it. Is it possible to configure the layer-names in the dxf-output?
GIS-Format: the coded attributes and the english-database can be a (to) big step for users, who are not really familiar with the datamodel.

Reviewer: The DXF export is used on QGEP by the SIGE on a daily basis. It is a QGIS.ch financed functionnality
We should provide a specific theme for this purpose. -> https://github.com/QGEP/QGEP/issues/706

For the GIS Export, checking the relationnal value replacement in the export could be a good start.
In the future in a gpkg we should be able someway to export the alias of columns to ease the GIS data export reusability.

Reviewer: Export Column names and aliases will be available next year (2023)

Only DXF export is provided by QGIS today (and it should be improved to be used more)

* Data export in interlis format

**Historisation**

* Modifications history viewer and possibility to roll back

More to come
------------

> * Automatic integration of pipe inspection according to Wincan VX and VSA-DSS KEK format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Automatic integration of pipe inspection according to Wincan VX and VSA-DSS KEK format
```

> * Automatic integration of pipe inspection according to Wincan VX and VSA-DSS KEK format

Reviewer 2: More to come - some additional GEP topics:
* Measures (GEP Massnahmen) - this is only one class we have to integrate in the data model and relations to wastewater structure
* Log Cards (Stammkarten) - these are 3 additional classes: log_card, bio_ecol_assessment and catchement_area_totals)

Reviewer: @varrieta could you please add the two suggested points?
